docs(http): add express.js and fastify guides (#429)
nitrictech/docs: src/pages/guides/getting-started/nodejs/expressjs.mdx

</Note>

## Prerequisites

To complete this guide you'll need the following:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed locally
- [Nitric CLI](/guides/getting-started/installation) installed
- _(optional)_ Your choice of an [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com), [GCP](https://cloud.google.com) or [Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com) account

## Getting Started

Let's start by setting up a Nitric project and adding Express.js:

```bash {{ label: 'terminal' }}
nitric new
? What is the name of the project? express-example
? Choose a template: official/JavaScript - Starter

# install depedencies and add express
cd express-example
yarn install
yarn add express
```

You can go ahead and open this new project in your editor of choice. You should see a project structure similar to:

```txt
├── functions
│   ├── hello.js
├── node_modules
│   ├── ...
├── .gitignore
├── index.js
├── nitric.yaml
├── package.json
├── README.md
└── yarn.lock
```

In this structure you'll notice the `functions` folder. By default, this is where Nitric expects the entrypoint code for your application. However, that's just a convention, we can change that to anything else that suits our needs.

> For this example let's replace the functions folder with a single entrypoint file called `app.js`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this example, let's replace the 'functions' folder with a single entry-point file named app.js.
```

```bash {{ label: 'terminal' }}
rm ./functions/hello.js

touch ./functions/app.js
```

Now, let's add some express code to get things started.

```javascript {{ label: 'functions/app.js' }}
import express from 'express'
import { http } from '@nitric/sdk'
const app = express()

app.get('/', (req, res) => {
  res.send('Hello World!')
})

http(app)
```

<Note>
  If you're familiar with Express.js you'll notice this example doesn't call
  `app.listen`. The Nitric `http` function takes care of that, as well as
  binding the application to the correct port in each environment.
</Note>

> At this point we're ready to start testing locally. The project comes with a `dev` script by default, let's run that now:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this point, we're ready to start testing locally. The project comes with a `dev` script by default, let's run that now:
```

```javascript {{ label: 'functions/app.js' }}
import express from 'express'
import { http, topic } from '@nitric/sdk'

const app = express()
const workRequests = topic('work-requests').for('publishing')

app.get('/', async (req, res) => {
  await workRequests.publish()
  res.send('Hello World!')
})

http(app)
```

We'll also add a new function to do the background work:

```bash
touch functions/worker.js
```

Add this code to that file:

```javascript
import { topic } from '@nitric/sdk'

const sleep = (ms) => new Promise((res) => setTimeout(res, ms))

topic('work-requests').subscribe(async (ctx) => {
  console.log('Starting new request')
  // wait for 2 seconds to simulate a long running task
  await sleep(2000)
  console.log('Request processed')
})
```

If it's still running, your application should hot-reload with these changes. Now, when you browse to `localhost:4001` you'll notice that the console outputs these lines with a 2 second delay between each line:

```txt
Starting new request
Request processed
```

<Note>
  You should notice that while the background worker takes 2 seconds to finish,
  the HTTP request `GET: /` still returns instantly.
</Note>

> At this point we can stop the running application and try deploying to a cloud provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this point, we can stop the running application and try to deploy it to a cloud provider.
```

## Deploy to the cloud

> This is where the value of Nitric really shows through. You don't need to perform any manual cloud deployment activities or add solutions like Terraform to get this project into your cloud environment, Nitric takes care of that for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is where the true value of Nitric shines. You don't need to perform any manual cloud deployment activities or add solutions like Terraform to get this project into your cloud environment, Nitric takes care of that for you.
```

To perform the deployment we'll create a `stack`, stacks give Nitric the config needed for a specific cloud instance of this project, such as the provider and region.

> The new stack command can help you create the stack by following this prompts, in this case we'll use AWS as an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 'new stack' command can help you create the stack by following these prompts, in this case, we'll use AWS as an example:
```

```txt {{ label: 'terminal' }}
nitric stack new
? What do you want to call your new stack? dev
? Which Cloud do you wish to deploy to? aws
? select the region us-east-1
```

This command will create a file named `nitric-dev.yaml`, with contents like this:

```yaml {{ label: 'nitric-dev.yaml' }}
name: dev
provider: nitric/aws@0.30.0
region: us-east-1
```

With the stack file in place we can run the deployment:

```bash {{ label: 'terminal' }}
nitric up
SUCCESS  Images Built (51s)
SUCCESS  Configuration gathered (6s)
SUCCESS
         API | Endpoint
         app | https://xxxxxxxxxx.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com
Deployed Stack (1m14s)
```

> Go ahead at test your new Express+Nitric app in the cloud, you can start with the API Gateway URL returned by the `up` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go ahead and test your new Express+Nitric app in the cloud, you can start with the API Gateway URL returned by the `up` command.
```
